Docs/rearchitect (#314)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/ensrainbow/contributing/building.mdx

---
title: Building the Docker Images
sidebar:
  label: Building Docker Images
  order: 2
---

> ENSRainbow is split into two Docker images to minimize long-running rebuilds of the data directory that embeds the rainbow tables for lookups. The `namehash/ensnode/ensrainbow-data` image hosts the computed directory at `/app/data` and `namehash/ensnode/ensrainbow` imports that directory after building the `apps/ensrainbow` project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ENSRainbow is split into two Docker images to minimize long-running rebuilds of the LevelDB data directory used for rainbow table lookups. The `namehash/ensnode/ensrainbow-data` image hosts the prebuilt LevelDB data at `/app/data` and `namehash/ensnode/ensrainbow` imports that directory after building the `apps/ensrainbow` project.
```

## ENSRainbow-data (`namehash/ensnode/ensrainbow-data`)

> This image downloads the source `ens_names.sql.gz` and ingests them and produces the output `/app/data` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image downloads the source `ens_names.sql.gz` and ingests them to produce the output `/app/data` directory.
```
